## AWS IoT Security Baseline

AWS IoT security baseline (AISB) is a set of security controls that create a minimum foundation for customers to build secure IoT solutions on AWS. The AISB controls discussed in this blog are designed for mitigating the most common security risks without requiring significant effort. As your connected device fleet grows and you implement more complex use cases, you can scale and build upon these controls based on your threat model. They form the basis of your security posture and are focused on securing device credentials, least privilege access control, enabling logging and visibility, auditing device policies and monitoring your environment.

Refer to AWS IoT Security Baseline blog for details.

# AISB solution architecture 
The AISB solution architecture shows an IoT / IIoT device sending data to AWS IoT Core. Data from the edge device is sent to AWS for data storage, processing, analytics, and visualization. Along with the telemetry data, the IoT / IIoT device can also be configured  to send security event information to AWS using AWS IoT Device Defender. This event information is combined with cloud-based events to identify security misconfigurations and detect anomalies in the device behavior and notify personnel to respond to security events. 


# AISB Solution Deployment

Deploy this AWS CloudFormation template to provision the AISB resources in your account. The template accepts the following parameters:

- Email to receive security event notifications - email address that would be subscribed to the SNS topic to send out alerts
- Deploying X.509 certificates generated by AWS IoT - boolean parameter to setup certificate expiry notifications in case you are using AWS IoT generated certificates
- Device certificate rotation policy requirements (in years) - in case you are using AWS IoT generated certificates but would like to receive alerts according to your own certificate rotation requirements
- Is AWS IoT Core logging enabled in the account? - selecting 'No' would enable AWS IoT Core Logging in your account 

# Cleanup

To clean up your resources, delete the stack in the AWS CloudFormation console.

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

